README.md, before:

# Elice's Rabbit Coding
#### Video Demo:  [Drone Deliver Cryptocurrency Pitch](https://youtu.be/JRjP3ZAro6w)
#### Description: This is a sample description. 
Elice Coding Platform is an online CS Education Platform to Understand How Students Learn Programming.
I made this program which is helping students to find and match the right tutors with the right students. 
It is currently in Korean, and most curriculum is based on Python, but C curriculum is under development, and I am using cs50.edu Edx contents as a supplementary tool to guide students in Introduction to Computer Science. 
We have yet develped courses and curriculums from Python, C++, Javascript, Web Programming, Arduino, Data Structures and Algorithms, Artificial Intelligence so far. 

It has been tested / educated to Korean university students and students from Russia, Canada, US, Netherlands, Germany and so on. 
So far, around 
but now C20 million learners in the platform, and I educated 30-40 students in 1:1 class uniform. 
You can create your own course.

You can take part as a educator if you are enrolled in a computer science/software engineering degree of education. 
If you are interested, I can ping you or help you as well. 

For more inquiries, please contact <pinkgrape0691@gmail.com>
<https://www.elice.io>
<pinkgrape0691@gmail.com>

Commit message:

Elice Coding Video Link Changed

README.md, after:

# Elice's Rabbit Coding
#### Video Demo:  [Elice Online Coding Learning Platfrom](https://youtu.be/B46ovGRakpA)
#### Description: This is a sample description. 
I am a computer science minoring in Psychology from South Korea(SKKU/SNU), and now in Switzerland for an exchange year. 
I state myself as a programming "nerd", but it depends. 

Elice Coding Platform is an online CS Education Platform to Understand How Students Learn Programming.

It is a program which is helping students to find and match the right tutors with the right students. 
We have our own IDE which is Elice IDE which compiles in the system. 
The course on making games with Python has been opened.
In the meantime, many comments have been made that it would be good to have a course related to GUI programming, and we actively reflected the opinions and created a new course using the PyGame library.
It is currently in Korean, and most curriculum is based on Python, but C curriculum is under development, and I am using cs50.edu Edx contents as a supplementary tool to guide students in Introduction to Computer Science. 

We have yet develped courses and curriculums from Python, C++, Javascript, Web Programming, Arduino, Data Structures and Algorithms, Artificial Intelligence so far. 

It has been tested / educated to Korean university students and students from Russia, Canada, US, Netherlands, Germany and so on. 
So far, around 
but now C20 million learners in the platform, and personally educated 30-40 students in 1:1 class uniform. 
You can create your own course.

You can take part as a educator if you are enrolled in a computer science/software engineering degree of education. 
If you are interested, I can ping you or help you as well. 

For more inquiries, please contact <pinkgrape0691@gmail.com>
<https://www.elice.io>
<pinkgrape0691@gmail.com>
